Add C template (#1981)
nesbox/TIC-80: templates/c/README.md

## Building your game

Define the environment variable WASI_SDK_PATH; e.g., if you installed WASI
into ```$HOME/wasi-sdk```, then ```export WASI_SDK_PATH=$HOME/wasi-sdk```.

Edit ```src/main.c``` to implement your game. You are of course free to
organize your code in more than one C source file.

If you create sprites, map, music, etc., for your game, remember to
replace the game asset data at the end of ```wasmdemo.wasmp``` with
your creations.

To build the Wasm file, execute ```make```. This generates ```cart.wasm```
in the build directory. To run:

```
% tic80 --fs . --cmd 'load wasmdemo.wasmp & import binary cart.wasm & run & exit'
```

The script ```buildwasm.sh``` contains above steps as a convenience.

To build a TIC-80 cartridge, first build the Wasm file, then build the
cartridge file:

```
% tic80 --fs . --cmd 'load wasmdemo.wasmp & import binary cart.wasm & save game.tic & exit'
```

You can then run your cartridge as follows:

```
% tic80 --fs . --cmd 'load game.tic & run & exit'
```

The script ```buildcart.sh``` does the above steps as a convenience.

## Additional Notes

> The TIC functions that provide standard library features are not added here. You should use the `memcpy` and `memset` functions provided by the C standard library instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIC-80 API functions that merely duplicate standard library functionality are not imported. Please use the `memcpy` and `memset` functions provided by the C standard library instead.
```

Author: Yeah, looks good to me.
